Update aurora_autodiscovery.md (#24222)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/guide/aurora_autodiscovery.md

## Overview

> Datadog's [Autodiscovery][4] enables you to configure monitoring in dynamic infrastructures. You can use this feature to monitor your Aurora clusters without having to list individual database host endpoints (e.g. postgres.d/conf.yaml). This is especially helpful for clusters that use [Aurora Auto Scaling][6], which dynamically adjusts the number of Aurora Replicas in response to variations in connectivity or workload. Autodiscovery automatically discovers and monitors both primary and replica endpoint instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog's [Autodiscovery][4] enables you to configure monitoring in dynamic infrastructures. You can use this feature to monitor your Aurora clusters without having to list individual database host endpoints (for example, `postgres.d/conf.yaml`). This is especially helpful for clusters that use [Aurora Auto Scaling][6], which dynamically adjusts the number of Aurora Replicas in response to variations in connectivity or workload. Autodiscovery automatically discovers and monitors both primary and replica endpoint instances.
```
